ㅃ ㅃ ㅃ ㅉ ㅉ ㅉ ㄸ ㄸ ㄸ ㄲ ㄲ ㄲ ㅆ ㅆ ㅆ ㅒ ㅒ ㅒ ㅖ ㅖ ㅖ

ㅃㅂ ㅃㅂ ㅂㅃ ㅂㅃ ㅃㅃ ㅃㅃ ㅉㅈ ㅉㅈ ㅈㅉ ㅈㅉ ㅉㅉ ㅉㅉ ㄸㄷ ㄸㄷ ㄷㄸ ㄷㄸ ㄸㄸ ㄸㄸ ㄲㄱ ㄲㄱ ㄱㄲ ㄱㄲ ㄲㄲ ㄲㄲ ㅆㅅ ㅆㅅ ㅅㅆ ㅅㅆ ㅆㅆ ㅆㅆ

ㅃㅗ ㅃㅗ ㅃㅓ ㅃㅓ ㅃㅏ ㅃㅏ ㅃㅣ ㅃㅣ ㅉㅗ ㅉㅗ ㅉㅓ ㅉㅓ ㅉㅏ ㅉㅏ ㅉㅣ ㅉㅣ ㄸㅗ ㄸㅗ ㄸㅓ ㄸㅓ ㄸㅏ ㄸㅏ ㄸㅣ ㄸㅣ ㄲㅗ ㄲㅗ ㄲㅓ ㄲㅓ ㄲㅏ ㄲㅏ ㄲㅣ ㄲㅣ ㅆㅗ ㅆㅗ ㅆㅓ ㅆㅓ ㅆㅏ ㅆㅏ ㅆㅣ ㅆㅣ

ㅃㅛ ㅃㅛ ㅃㅕ ㅃㅕ ㅃㅑ ㅃㅑ ㅃㅐ ㅃㅐ ㅃㅔ ㅃㅔ ㅃㅠ ㅃㅠ ㅃㅜ ㅃㅜ ㅃㅡ ㅃㅡ ㅉㅛ ㅉㅛ ㅉㅕ ㅉㅕ ㅉㅑ ㅉㅑ ㅉㅐ ㅉㅐ ㅉㅔ ㅉㅔ ㅉㅠ ㅉㅠ ㅉㅜ ㅉㅜ ㅉㅡ ㅉㅡ ㄸㅛ ㄸㅛ ㄸㅕ ㄸㅕ ㄸㅑ ㄸㅑ ㄸㅐ ㄸㅐ ㄸㅔ ㄸㅔ ㄸㅠ ㄸㅠ ㄸㅜ ㄸㅜ ㄸㅡ ㄸㅡ ㄲㅛ ㄲㅛ ㄲㅕ ㄲㅕ ㄲㅑ ㄲㅑ ㄲㅐ ㄲㅐ ㄲㅔ ㄲㅔ ㄲㅠ ㄲㅠ ㄲㅜ ㄲㅜ ㄲㅡ ㄲㅡ

ㅃㅂ ㅃㅂ ㅂㅃ ㅂㅃ ㅉㅈ ㅉㅈ ㅈㅉ ㅈㅉ ㄸㄷ ㄸㄷ ㄷㄸ ㄷㄸ ㄲㄱ ㄲㄱ ㄱㄲ ㄱㄲ ㅆㅅ ㅆㅅ ㅅㅆ ㅅㅆ ㅒㅐ ㅒㅐ ㅐㅒ ㅐㅒ ㅖㅔ ㅖㅔ ㅔㅖ ㅔㅖ

ㅁ ㄴ ㅇ ㄹ ㅎ ㅂ ㅈ ㄷ ㄱ ㅅ ㅋ ㅌ ㅊ ㅍ ㅃ ㅉ ㄸ ㄲ ㅆ

Britney visited the Bahamas in September last year. It was one of the best holidays she had ever been on. In the Bahamas, Britney spent a lot of time o the beach playing beach volleyball. In the trophics, it is very likely you'll hear bullfrogs' croak. Bullfrogs can make a lot of ballyhoo in the evenings but that does not bother many people. Eucalyptus trees are very common in Australia. Koalas love to eat their leaves everyday. The scent of eucalyptus trees has become very popular, you can even buy chewing gum and candy that tastes like eucalyptus. Abigail was born in Albuquerque. They moved to Malaysia when she was a baby but now Abigail is back in Albuquerque for an aerobics competition. Abigail has battled her way into the Aerobics World Championships. Annabel and Andy have their wedding anniversary in May. This year they are having a big party. Andy booked a swanky restaurant and Annabel ordered a pyramid shaped cake as they honeymooned in Egypt. Sylvester plays in the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. He is a percussionist and he likes the sound of cymbals. He has to practice at least once every day. Being a musician is not always easy.

Bruno the barracuda was swimming near Barbados. He had swum a long way after meeting with Rebecca the barnacle. Rebecca is Bruno's best friend, by the way. Rebecca was headed north as Bobby the humpback whale was searching for cooler waters. Bruno felt hungry so he swam towards the beach. He gobbled some yummy taffy and some slimy shiny thing. Bruno was feeling restless after conversations with his amphibian buddy Jerry. Jerry always talked about above water things. Even Rebecca got a glimpse of that reality but not Bruno. Bruno yearned for a bird's eye view of the world, even for just one day. Bruno was bored. Years later, Bruno's perspective was changed forever. It happened on a beautiful, sunny Friday. Bruno was leisurely swimming after a sparkly thing taunting him in his vicinity. He caught up to it and ate it. Suddenly he was yanked out of the water and the sun blinded him. He had great difficulty breathing and the sparkly thing was positively annoying. He saw the blue sky as a completely different kind of blue, it was less blue. The sparkly thing was removed from him by a strange creature he remembered having bothered near beaches. By this time he was feeling very bad. Suddenly, he felt cool water all around him once more. He had been tossed back into the ocean. Bruno saw his home in a completely new light. It was the best place he could imagine. Bruno could not believe Jerry and Rebecca enjoyed forays into the above world. Bruno had never before felt so happy to be a barracuda near Barbados.
