ㅎㅎ ㅎㅎ ㅎㅎ ㅎㅎ ㅎㅁ ㅎㅁ ㅁㅎ ㅁㅎ ㅎㄴ ㅎㄴ ㄴㅎ ㄴㅎ ㅎㅇ ㅎㅇ ㅇㅎ ㅇㅎ ㅎㄹ ㅎㄹ ㄹㅎ ㄹㅎ

ㅎㅂ ㅎㅂ ㅂㅎ ㅂㅎ ㅎㅈ ㅎㅈ ㅈㅎ ㅈㅎ ㅎㄷ ㅎㄷ ㄷㅎ ㄷㅎ ㅎㄱ ㅎㄱ ㄱㅎ ㄱㅎ ㅎㅅ ㅎㅅ ㅅㅎ ㅅㅎ ㅎㅋ ㅎㅋ ㅋㅎ ㅋㅎ ㅎㅌ ㅎㅌ ㅌㅎ ㅌㅎ ㅎㅊ ㅎㅊ ㅊㅎ ㅊㅎ ㅎㅍ ㅎㅍ ㅍㅎ ㅍㅎ

ㅎㅗ ㅎㅗ ㅗㅎ ㅗㅎ ㅎㅓ ㅎㅓ ㅓㅎ ㅓㅎ ㅎㅏ ㅎㅏ ㅏㅎ ㅏㅎ ㅎㅣ ㅎㅣ ㅣㅎ ㅣㅎ

ㅎㅛ ㅎㅛ ㅛㅎ ㅛㅎ ㅎㅕ ㅎㅕ ㅕㅎ ㅕㅎ ㅎㅑ ㅎㅑ ㅑㅎ ㅑㅎ ㅎㅐ ㅎㅐ ㅐㅎ ㅐㅎ ㅎㅔ ㅎㅔ ㅔㅎ ㅔㅎ ㅎㅠ ㅎㅠ ㅠㅎ ㅠㅎ ㅎㅜ ㅎㅜ ㅜㅎ ㅜㅎ ㅎㅡ ㅎㅡ ㅡㅎ ㅡㅎ

ㅎㅏ ㅎㅏ ㅎㅣ ㅎㅣ ㅎㅗ ㅎㅗ ㅎㅓ ㅎㅓ ㅎㅜ ㅎㅜ ㅎㅡ ㅎㅡ ㅏㅎ ㅏㅎ ㅣㅎ ㅣㅎ ㅗㅎ ㅗㅎ ㅓㅎ ㅓㅎ ㅎㅛ ㅎㅛ ㅎㅕ ㅎㅕ ㅎㅑ ㅎㅑ ㅎㅐ ㅎㅐ ㅎㅔ ㅎㅔ ㅎㅠ ㅎㅠ

ㅎ ㅎ ㅁ ㅁ ㄴ ㄴ ㅇ ㅇ ㄹ ㄹ ㅎ ㅎ ㅂ ㅂ ㅈ ㅈ ㄷ ㄷ ㄱ ㄱ ㅅ ㅅ ㅎ ㅎ ㅋ ㅋ ㅌ ㅌ ㅊ ㅊ ㅍ ㅍ ㅎ ㅎ ㅎㅏ ㅎㅏ ㅎㅣ ㅎㅣ ㅎㅗ ㅎㅗ ㅎㅓ ㅎㅓ

s? s? s? s? S? S? S? S? ss?? ss?? ?sS? ?sS? f??f f??f s??s s??s n?v? n?v? r?t? r?t? ere? ere? ais? ais? Vor? Vor? Nad? Nad? ks?s ks?s er?s er?s Niv? Niv? Van? Van?

Nurturers often vaccinate tired toucans and virtuous vultures. Veronica sits on her verandah listening to Verdi. Did Donald turn seventeen in Toronto? Does Nicholas like vanilla or chocolate sauce? "Is the universe infinite?" asked Nick. Russell asked for tuna and cheese in his salad. Can rockets land on Venus? Can Saturn sustain life? Nora sells vivacious clothes that are in vogue. Volcanic islands like Vanuatu are nice for a vacation. Is Nora here? No, she is not. She is visiting Vanuatu. Vivian cracked a tough nutshell using a nutcracker. Do rough rivers run through Nicaragua? Nigel and Noreen like to rent action videos and have snacks. Vegetarian Nikolai does not eat crocodile, chicken or veal. I'll have cheese and lettuce on that toast, thanks. Sheila is craving for chocolate, she loves it for dessert. Tristan skates to soccer training in the afternoons. Are Irish folksongs old? Are French folk stories long? Virgil's father said, "Don't forget to eat dinner tonight." Nathaniel tied his shoelaces in three seconds flat. Did Nadine have a vehicular accident? Is she O.K.? Could I have a glass of soda? It is so refreshing. Viola heard a violin concert in Virginia at the age of five. Keith volunteered to assist doctor Victor at the clinic. Nina ignored the sign and found herself lost in the dark. Shannon and Valerie live in a residential area of Vancouver. Vincent sent a Valentine's card to Natalie. A universal translator is a difficult undertaking. Talkative Catherine takes singing lessons after school. Courageous Nellie caught a snake using an old hat. Sharks are notorious for causing chaos in the sea.

Shane and Victoria are going to travel around the USA. "Is Tallahassee, Florida, a nice location to see?" Shane asked. "Is Vancouver, Canada, near Nashville?" checked Victoria. The Nile is a long river in Africa. Is it the longest river on earth? The Rhine is another river. Is it in Africa too? No, it's not. Did Voltaire have a large house located near the river Rhine? He could have had a house near the Nile or the Rhine. "Did Luke get good grades in high school?" asked Lara. "Sure he did," said Vera. "He got A's in all his classes." "Is he glad that he is valedictorian of our school's graduating class?" the girls thought. "Did she read our letter?" George asked doctor's assistant Dante. "No, as the doctor is not here. She is at a conference in Dover." "Can I leave a note?" "Sure, she should return soon," Dante ventured. Donna had left a note for David in the kitchen. The note said, "Call or leave a note if I need to get food for tonight." David thought, "Should I call her and ask for tuna salad?" Donna drives around a lot so David called her at the van.

Vernon is interested in Victorian architecture. He has traveled all over England looking at several houses. He is doing a course on architecture in London. Although he is a dedicated student, Vernon has decided to take a vacation and go to Vancouver to see his sister Sofia. Sofia is a chef at a restaurant in Vancouver. Sofia is a good cook. "Is fish easier to cook than snails?" Vernon asks Sofia. "Snails are good cooked in garlic," Sofia instructs Vernon. "And frog legs?" continues Vernon. "Frog legs are also great cooked in garlic. Garlic is full of taste," Sofia tells Vernon, and others listening to their conversation in the kitchen of the restaurant. "Is Scandinavia also on the travel agenda?" Sofia asks Vernon. "No, the architecture classes start soon. I'll have to visit Scandinavia later," tells Vernon. "Do tell, did Leila go to China on vacation?" Vernon interrogates in turn. Leila is Sofia's closest friend. "No, her dog got sick and she could not go. She has a cute dog." "That's a little sad. That Leila did not get to see China," said Vernon. "Oh, she said she could go soon, in the fall. The dog is feeling good again." "That's great," said Vernon relieved. "Could I have a drink, Sofia?" asks Vernon. "Sure thing, is soda all right?" "Could I have a glass of juice instead?" Vernon clarifies. "Sure, is orange juice O.K.?" checks Sofia.
